= summary

== Description:

This is a simple plugin that generates introduction text from a long text, it will always break the text at the end of the last word near to the limit you informed as argument.

== Synopsis

  text = <<-TEXT
    Cras eleifend sodales sem. Ut nec metus. Nulla sed nisl.
  Praesent malesuada dui rhoncus quam. Aliquam ultricies. Praesent commodo.

    Nam nec pede. Pellentesque egestas, urna vel accumsan venenatis, mi metus sagittis augue,
  sed hendrerit nunc felis eget neque. Fusce vel massa. Quisque ligula enim,
  tempor sed, lacinia non, malesuada ac, enim. Curabitur at enim scelerisque
  neque egestas luctus. Mauris lacinia varius diam.'
  TEXT

  text.summary # Cras eleifend sodales sem. Ut nec metus. Nulla sed nisl. Praesent malesuada dui rhoncus quam...
  text.summary(50) # Cras eleifend sodales sem. Ut nec metus. Nulla...
  text.summary(50, ' :)') # Cras eleifend sodales sem. Ut nec metus. Nulla :)
  text.summary(50, '... <a href="/page.html">read more</a>') # Cras eleifend sodales sem. Ut nec... <a href="/page.html">read more</a>

== Requirements

* Ruby =D
* ActiveSupport

== Install

=== as Ruby on Rails plugin

  script/plugin install git://github.com/azisaka/summary.git

== Collaborators

* Bruno Azisaka Maciel
* Marcio Trindade [http://marciotrindade.com]

== License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 Philipe Casarotte

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.